.TH AEGNEC2 1
.\"
.\" aegnec2 - Dynamically Allocated Numerical Electromagnetics Code Version 2 
.\" Copyright (C) 1998-2016 Ian David Flintoft <ian.flintoft@york.ac.uk>
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"

.SH "NAME"
cnec2 \- Numerical Electromagnetics Code Version 2.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B aegnec2
[
.B \-h
|
.B \-\-help
] [
.B \-V
|
.B \-\-version
] [
.B \-v
| 
.B \-\-verbose
] [
.BR \-d= NUM
|
.BR \-\-debug= NUM
] [
.BR \-s= NUM
|
.BR \-\-segments= NUM
] [
.BR \-p= NUM
|
.BR \-\-patches= NUM
] [
.BR \-c= BYTES
|
.BR \-\-core\-size= BYTES
] [
.BR \-e= NUM
|
.BR \-\-sources= NUM
] [
.BR \-l= NUM
|
.BR \-\-loads= NUM
] [
.BR \-n= NUM
| 
.BR \-\-networks= NUM
] [
.BR \-x= NUM
|
.BR \-\-connect= NUM
] [
.BR \-u= NUM
|
.BR \-\-coupling= NUM
] [
.BR \-S= NUM
|
.BR \-\-ngf\-segments= NUM
] [
.BR \-P= NUM
| 
.BR \-\-ngf\-patches= NUM
] [
.BR \-f= NUM
| 
.BR \-\-frequencies= NUM
] [
.BR \-a= NUM
| 
.BR \-\-angles= NUM
] [
.B \-m
| 
.B \-\-multi\-file
] [
.B \-M
| \-\-old\-multi\-file
] [
.B \-r
| \-\-remove\-old
]
.BR jobname [.nec]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B aegnec2
is a version of the Numerical Electromagnetics Code Version 2. It uses
the Method of Moments to perform frequency domain electromagnetic
analysis of wire structures. This implementation allows the storage to
be allocated dynamically using command line options (see below). 

The program reads a NEC input deck in standard format from the file
jobname.nec (the nec suffix may be omitted) and writes the result to a
file called jobname.res. Additional output may be written to files
with suffices nre, nrh and rdp depending on the options used.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.BR \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options and exit.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Print the version number and exit. If preceded by \-\-verbose detailed 
version info is given.
.TP
.BR \-v, \-\-verbose
Give detailed output.
.TP
.BR \-d= NUM, \-\-debug= NUM
Debug information output level (default 0).
.TP
.BR \-s= NUM, \-\-segments= NUM
Allocate storage for up to NUM segments (default 300).
.TP
.BR \-p= NUM, \-\-patches= NUM
Allocate storage for up to NUM patches (default 0).
.TP
.BR \-c= NUM, \-\-core-size= NUM
Allocate core storage of NUM bytes. The suffices b, k and m may be
used for bytes, kilobytes and megabytes respectively, e.g. -c=5m for 5
megabytes (default is for core size to be just large enough to
accomodate the number of segments and patches defined by the -s and -p
options).
.TP
.BR \-e= NUM, \-\-sources= NUM
Allocate storage for up to NUM sources (default 30).
.TP
.BR \-l= NUM, \-\-loads= NUM
Allocate storage for up to NUM loads (default 30).
.TP
.BR \-n= NUM, \-\-networks= NUM
Allocate storage for up to NUM networks (default 30).
.TP
.BR \-x= NUM, \-\-connect= NUM
Allocate storage such that up to NUM segments may meet at a single
point (default 30).
.TP
.BR \-u= NUM, \-\-coupling= NUM
Allocate storage such that up to NUM points may be used in coupling
calculations (default 5).
.TP
.BR \-S= NUM, \-\-ngf-segments= NUM
Allocate storage so that new segments may connect to up to NUM
existing NGF segments (default 50).
.TP
.BR \-P= NUM, \-\-ngf-patches= NUM
Allocate storage so that new patches may connect to up to NUM
existing NGF patches (default 50).
.TP
.BR \-f= NUM, \-\-frequencies= NUM
Allocate storage for up to NUM frequencies in normalised impedance
calculations (default 200).
.TP
.BR \-a= NUM, \-\-angles= NUM
Allocate storage for up to NUM angles in received signal strength
calculation (default 200).
.TP
.BR \-m, \-\-multi\-file
Generate separate data files for impedance, NE, NH and RP card data in
addition to the main result file. The data for each NE, NH and RP card
is written to a separate file.
.TP
.BR \-M, \-\-old\-multi\-file
Generate separate data files for impedance, NE, NH and RP card data in
addition to the main result file. The data from all NE cards is
appended to the same file. Similarly for NH and RP cards.
.TP
.BR \-r, \-\-remove\-old
Force removal of old output files before starting job.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
Basic usage:
.PP
.B aegnec2 dipole.nec

To increase the number of segments allowed to 2000:
.PP
.B aegnec2 -s 2000 dipole.nec

To limit the core size to 4 megabytes:
.PP
.B aegnec2 -s 2000 -c 4m dipole.nec

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR aegsomnec (1)

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
GNU General Public License (GPL) Version 3.

.SH "BUGS"
No known bugs. Please report bugs to Ian David Flintoft
<ian.flintoft@york.ac.uk>.

.SH "AUTHORS"
Many people have contributed to NEC2 including:
.PP
R. W. Adams,
J. N. Brittingham,
G. J. Burke,
F. J. Deadrick,
K. K. Hazard,
D. L. Knepp,
D. L. Lager,
R. J. Lytle,
E. K. Miller,
J. B. Morton,
G. M. Pjerrou,
A. J. Poggio and
E. S. Selden.

This version of NEC2 was developed by
.PP
Ian David Flintoft <ian.flintoft@york.ac.uk>.
