.TH AEGSOMNEC 1
.\"
.\" aegnec2 - Dynamically Allocated Numerical Electromagnetics Code Version 2 
.\" Copyright (C) 1998-2016 Ian David Flintoft <ian.flintoft@york.ac.uk>
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"

.SH "NAME"
csomnec (cnec2)\- Sommerfeld-Norton Ground Parameter Program For NEC2.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B aegsomnec
[
.B \-h
|
.B \-\-help
] [
.B \-V
|
.B \-\-version
] [
.B \-v
| 
.B \-\-verbose
] [
.BR \-d= NUM
|
.BR \-\-debug= NUM
] [
.BR \-r
|
.BR \-\-remove\-old
] [
.BR \-p
|
.BR \-\-print
] 
.BR \-e= FLOAT 
| 
.BR \-\-permittivty= FLOAT
.BR \-c= NUM 
| 
.BR \-\-conductivity= FLOAT
.BR \-f= FLOAT 
| 
.BR \-\-frequency= FLOAT
.BR jobname [.som]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B aegsomnec
is a Sommerfeld-Norton lossy ground program for the Numerical
Electromagnetics Code Version 2. It reads in user supplied ground
parameters and generates a binary data file for use in
.B aegnec2
with the lossy ground options.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.BR \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options and exit.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Print the version number and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v, \-\-verbose
Give detailed output.
.TP
.BR \-d= NUM, \-\-debug= NUM
Debug information output level (default 0).
.TP
.BR \-e= FLOAT, \-\-permittivty= FLOAT
Permittivity of ground is FLOAT (required option).
.TP
.BR \-c= FLOAT, \-\-conductivity= FLOAT
Conductivity of ground is FLOAT S/m (required option).
.TP
.BR \-f= FLOAT, \-\-frequency= FLOAT
Frequency for calculation is FLOAT MHz (required option).
.TP
.BR \-r, \-\-remove\-old
Force removal of old output file before starting job.
.TP
.BR \-p, \-\-print
Print out table of ground calculation.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
Basic usage:
.PP
.B aegsomnec 
-e 20.0 -c 0.015 -f 1.0 job.som

will calculate the ground parameters at 1 MHz for
a relative permittivity of 20.0 and conductivity of 0.015 S/m
and put the results into the file job.som.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR aegnec2 (1)

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
GNU General Public License (GPL) Version 3.

.SH "BUGS"
No known bugs. Please report bugs to Ian David Flintoft
<ian.flintoft@york.ac.uk>.

.SH "AUTHORS"
George B. Christianson <gchristianson@pppl.gov>, Princeton University
Plasma Physics Laboratory.

This version of SOMNEC was developed by
.PP
Ian David Flintoft <ian.flintoft@york.ac.uk>.
